---
squirt: 11
title: SQUIRT 11 — USDC 100,000 — Should we use snapshot.page to conduct our squirts? (December 11th — December 17th)
status: Proposed
author: SWAG Finance team
ip: https://ips.swag.finance/IPS/ip-11.html
discussions: 
created: 2020-12-11
---

## Summary
Our goal at SWAG is to improve our product continually and to listen to our community. Those two goals go hand in hand, and that's why we are taking your feedback at Discord to heart and proposing the use of our snapshot.page to conduct our future squirts. Vote and participate!


## Abstract
A vote to decide if we should use the snapshot.page to conduct our squirts.

## Motivation
This is Snapshot’s description from their site: 

Snapshot is an off-chain gasless multi-governance client with easy to verify and hard to contest results.

- Creating a proposal and voting is free no transactions
- Proposals and votes are just signed messages, stored on IPFS
- Signatures are easily verifiable online it uses the "eth_sign" format
- We don't have any tokens
- It's free to create a space it takes 5min
- Spaces can have their custom domain name
- Spaces can have their own skin
- Fully open source with MIT license
- We don't use any tracking or ads in our site

We believe Snapshot is a tool that can benefit our community by improving the way we carry out our squirts while also reducing cost. This squirt is a direct reaction to community feedback that we need to improve the content and process of our proposals or squirts. 


**FOR**: We should use the snapshot.page to conduct our squirts.

**AGAINST**: No we should not use the snapshot.page to conduct our squirts.